# CW20 Tokens

Paloma.py enables developers to create and interact with [CW20 tokens](https://github.com/CosmWasm/cw-plus/blob/main/packages/cw20/README.md) without knowing Rust. The SDK allows you to bypass learning CosmWasm and simply staying in Python. 

There are 4 functions for CW20 that are implemented in paloma.py.

## instantiate()
Create a new CW20 Instantiate the CW20 smart contract using the code id of the deployed wasm code. You can find the deployed CW20 compatible contracts in the [resource section](../../../resources/networks.md#deployed-contracts). You may also upload your own contract and use that instead. See the [smart contract documentation](./smart-contracts) for more details. 
The creator chooses the name, symbol and the total supply amount which is minted to deployer wallet.

Arguments:
- `wallet` (Paloma address): CW20 deployer wallet address
- `code_id` (int): Code_id of CW20 wasm code
- `name` (str): CW20 token name
- `symbol` (str): CW20 token symbol
- `decimals` (int): CW20 token decimals
- `total_supply` (int): CW20 token total supply

Returns:
BlockTxBroadcastResult: Transaction Broadcast Result


## send()
This function allows you to send an `amount` of an existing CW20 token to a CW20 compatible contract along with a message.

Arguments:
- `wallet` (Paloma address): CW20 sender wallet address
- `token` (str): CW20 token address
- `contract` (str): token receiver contract address
- `amount` (str): send amount
- `msg` (str): base64 encoded message

Returns:
BlockTxBroadcastResult: Transaction Broadcast Result


## transfer()
With the transfer function, you can send any amount of an existing CW20 token to another wallet address. 

Arguments:
- `wallet` (Paloma address): CW20 sender wallet
- `token` (str): CW20 token address
- `recipient` (str): token receiver address
- `amount` (str): send amount

Returns:
BlockTxBroadcastResult: Transaction Broadcast Result


## burn()
This removes `amount` CW20 tokens from the balance of the specified wallet and reduces the total supply by the same amount.

Arguments:
- `wallet` (Paloma Address): wallet from which the tokens should be removed
- `token` (str): CW20 token address
- `amount` (str): amount to be burnt

Returns:
BlockTxBroadcastResult: Transaction Broadcast Result